In this lecture will start updating our test class so that it will use Mockito to do that, go to the test class,
get rid of these unused imports or un compiled  imports, get rid of this run with annotation.
Mark your  class with @ Extend with annotation provide the  Mockito extension class Mockito  extension dot
class that will take care of mocking and running our test.
The first step once you add this annotation is to add the mock object.
So this greeting class under test now requires the service.
So if you go to the greeting implementation, it requires  this service class inside this method the  service.greet
is invoked.
We need to mock out this guy and this invocation should be stubbed out to do that.
Go back to the test, define a field at a global level, private greeting service service.
This is the interface that you  want to mock.
So mark this with @ mock annotation from Mockito.
Then we need to inject this into this greeting implementation so we need not do it manually, thanks
to Mockito.
Go back, get rid of this before each.
We are not going to create the instance of greeting implementation like this.
You can remove that.
You will directly use the implementation class here instead of the interface.
Mark this  with @ inject Mocks
That's all that is required.
Mockito when  this runner  runs our test.
It will look at this marked  with at inject Mock's.
It will immediately create an object or an instance of this greeting impl.
When it does that it will look at that implementation and it knows that it has this dependency.
So it will inject the mock.
That is what this annotation is saying.
Inject the mock's.
So whatever are already mocked out, Mockito is aware of them.
So inject them into this guy.
So at runtime and we run this test, this reading impl will get a mocked implementation into this service
just with two annotations or three annotation extends with
Then at Mock you can use this on any number of services or other classes we want to mock and then inject.
Mock should be used on the class under test into which the Mock  should be injected.
So you have successfully injected everything that is required for the test.
In the next lecture you  will test the positive  scenario and following that will test the negative scenarios.
You can get it off any unused annotations before each and also you can remove  after each at the end,
which were added earlier for demonstration reasons.
Scroll up, get rid  of after each hit control D and that is gone.